NGINX Plus admin guide: Added lua_stream to Lua Dynamic Module (#46)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx/admin-guide/dynamic-modules/lua.md

## Configuration

> After installation you will need to enable and configure the modules in NGINX Plus configuration file `nginx.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installation enable and configure the modules in NGINX Plus configuration file `nginx.conf`.
```

Reviewer: FYI: Style guide recommends using simple present tense rather than past or future.

1. Enable dynamic loading of NDK and Lua modules with the [`load_module`](https://nginx.org/en/docs/ngx_core_module.html#load_module) directives specified in the top-level (“`main`”) context:

   ```nginx
   load_module modules/ndk_http_module.so;
   load_module modules/ngx_http_lua_module.so;
   load_module modules/ngx_stream_lua_module.so;
   ```

   {{< note >}} The `ndk_http_module.so` module must be placed first. {{< /note >}}

> 2. Perform additional configuration as required by the modules. See [`lua-nginx-module`](https://github.com/openresty/lua-nginx-module) and [`stream-lua-nginx-module`](https://github.com/openresty/stream-lua-nginx-module) documentation for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Configure additional settings as needed for the modules. For details, see the [`lua-nginx-module`](https://github.com/openresty/lua-nginx-module) and [`stream-lua-nginx-module`](https://github.com/openresty/stream-lua-nginx-module) documentation.
```
